welcome to this brand-new video preview
on a new girl from ross's is a reception
deluxe all for tech model it says on the
packaging color attack it's definitely a
color attack about it is a bright really
bright the very very bright foam on it
this fluo green i quite like the color
way to be honest though the back hands
put there's a lot going on color wise is
a lot of print there you've got some mad
got some good technology's going on so I
talk you through pickle ivory towers or
the list price is 135 pounds you excite
you're thinking to yourself a glove 135
pounds is that really worth it bt e to
your own really would I another than 35
pound on a pair of gloves not so sure I
would to be honest there's a g2 ultra
soft latex foam it's a soft latex foam
so they're not designed for durability
might say durability then up and at last
this foam is not going to last forever
it's going to tear up quicker than a lot
of other phones with it is it's huge
because it offers ultimate grip but
ultimate grip comes at a price the foams
never last as long it's got embossing on
the phone just in key areas whether
whether were the hand moves I like my
dear and I think it's necessarily needed
to be to be fair a lot of brands are
coming away from me why they're still
using I'm not overly sure but don't need
it um they've added the silicon tip to
the job as well what do they offer
therefore grip but I'm not sure it's not
quite a lead us to doing with the whole
whole zones on there but don't really
teach me to make a massive massive
amount of difference is there is a
gimmicky maybe I don't really know they
put a lot of thought as their gloves
royce that's for sure double stitching
at the base of the latex there just to
stop the white stitching on there
on an expensive job like that I think it
would look better may be regretting but
yeah does the poor we look there it's
double stitched in in Y over the top
which looks a bit tactical of 135 pounds
nice green closure gotta say the
materials nice they can use their it's
like at 9am s but it's like a lining on
top of it it's got the pro flecks in it
which is place to be there for extra
movement the smack shield in it which is
a really good technology like that I
think it's good so it's got its got a
lot of pluses to it it's got a few
negatives that's just my personal
opinion I'm being honest because
people's tastes meowing honest with you
got with your glove reviews don't say
how is your savings brilliant I'm being
totally honest that's for sure hope
which don't mind thinking protections
finds best on the market place and no
question at all they're flexible but
they protect your fingers you won't get
a better finger positioning system on
the market a moment to be honest there's
a few the Pakistan factories that are
making for the smaller brands bedroom
brands you want to call them and these
smaller brands that are selling loves of
30 quid or 10 quit whatever it may be
but you're not going to get spot near
this quality is an awesome awesome spy
very very well constructed and you can
only get our one factory in the world
and i'm pretty sure they're exclusive to
ruse but it's a good system it's very
very well made this material was nice to
be fair but overall it's an expensive
glove sizing wise got size 8 in that
i've got no issues with the size in the
tool just give you a quick idea on on
the on the measurements from it you're
looking at 19 and a half centimeters
from the top stitch to the box pitch
there and then you look in at the 13
across as well so it gives you a little
bit of an idea of how about fit sizing
why so that can come help guide you
little bit a wrap over other smack to
you as well but that is the top of the
range gov from from roy sis's there
to deluxe g2 or fatale